I heard you were suffering from grief.
Is that true?
No, it's not.
Then you must be the wife of the man who lived in Yoshimara, Edo.
You must be Shigawa.
Yes, but I'm not.
I'm here for Shigawa's husband.
I want to cure my husband's wound.
I want to believe that, but it's up to me.
I'm a woman, too.
I want to pray for the one who has been blessed with grace.
I'll pray for you.
Please, go down.
I'll send you a wish.
Know that your money is jeans buck- Coalition
not America
No need for capital
in the morning
and can't afford
With you father
and me
I'll comeииi
Stop
Um, let me tell you...
This,
even though,
it won't alow me to say it.
As atle as your father who goes to his plumage ...
Why do not you place it on a fewer sensitive flags?
A sillier than what you are,
So that,
later only then,
your front makes you feel a little crimes ...
Yes,
No!